update_game(): Support Windows version of SteamCMD for Wine (#87)
lhark/truckersmp-cli: README.md

A simple launcher for [TruckersMP][truckersmp] to play ATS or ETS2 in multiplayer.

> _truckersmp-cli_ allows to download TruckersMP and handles starting TruckersMP through [Wine][wine] while supporting the Windows versions of [American Truck Simulator][steam:ats] and [Euro Truck Simulator 2][steam:ets2]. The [Windows version of Steam][steam:windows] should already be able to run in the same Wine prefix. The Windows versions of games can be installed or updated via [SteamCMD][steam:steamcmd].
> 
> On Linux it's possible to start TruckersMP through [Proton][github:proton]. While updating all running Steam processes will be stopped to prevent Steam from asking for password and guard code at Steam's next startup when Proton is used. A working [native Steam][repology:steam] installation is needed for starting through Proton.
> 
> If Windows version of Steam is used with Wine, password and guard code are required once when updating games.

Reviewer: I've reordered this a bit:
1. General description
1. Additional features
1. Special cases

```suggestion
_truckersmp-cli_ allows to download TruckersMP and handles starting TruckersMP through [Wine][wine] while supporting the Windows versions of [American Truck Simulator][steam:ats] and [Euro Truck Simulator 2][steam:ets2]. 

The [Windows version of Steam][steam:windows] should already be able to run in the same Wine prefix.
The Windows versions of ATS and ETS2 can be installed and updated via [SteamCMD][steam:steamcmd] while all running Steam processes will be stopped to prevent Steam from loosing connection. Your Steam password and guard code are required by SteamCMD once for this to work.

On Linux it's possible to start TruckersMP through [Proton][github:proton]. A working [native Steam][repology:steam] installation is needed for this. SteamCMD can use your saved credentials for convenience.
```

## Additional information

> * If `-p` or `--proton` is specified and Linux version of Steam is running while SteamCMD is using the same session credentials the Steam client looses all connections and asks for the password and the guard code at the next startup. This script closes all Steam processes before acting with SteamCMD so **starting an update with a shortcut out of the Steam client won't work** because Steam waits for the script to finish and the script waits for Steam to quit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If Steam is running while SteamCMD is being used the Steam client looses all connections and maybe asks for the password and the guard code at the next startup. This script closes all Steam processes before acting with SteamCMD so **starting an update with a shortcut out of the Steam client won't work** because Steam waits for the script to finish and the script waits for Steam to quit.
```
